config/graphical-session: hint to font installation for compositors (#810)
void-linux/void-docs: src/config/graphical-session/wayland.md

- labwc: a window-stacking compositor, inspired by Openbox
- Qtile: a dynamic tiling Wayland compositor (via qtile-wayland)

Some compositors don't depend on any [fonts](./fonts.md), so you have to install

> them manually for most apps to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them manually for most applications to work.
```

> Some compositors don't depend on any [fonts](./fonts.md), so you have to install
> them manually for most applications to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some compositors do not depend on any [fonts](./fonts.md), which can cause many
applications to not work. Install a font package to fix this issue.
```
